Rework OAuth2 documentation (#6356)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/OAuth2.md

def refresh_token(refresh_token):
  data = {
    'grant_type': 'refresh_token',
    'refresh_token': refresh_token
  }
  headers = {
    'Content-Type': 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded'
  }
  r = requests.post('%s/oauth2/token' % API_ENDPOINT, data=data, headers=headers, auth=(CLIENT_ID, CLIENT_SECRET))
  r.raise_for_status()
  return r.json()
```

Boom; fresh [access token response](#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/authorization-code-grant-access-token-response)!

###### Token Revocation Example

> To revoke a token, make a `POST` request to the [token revocation URL](#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/shared-resources-oauth2-urls) with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable an access or refresh token, you can revoke it by making a `POST` request to the [token revocation URL](#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/shared-resources-oauth2-urls) with the following parameters:
```

- `token` - the access token or refresh token to revoke

> - `token_type_hint` - either `access_token` or `refresh_token` (optional)

Reviewer: this reads confusing to me with "(optional)" at the end of the string—like refresh_token is optional rather than the param itself. we could remove it to encourage best practice, or just change it to something like:

```suggestion
- `token_type_hint` *(optional)* - the `token` parameter's token type—either `access_token` or `refresh_token`
```

Reviewer: or "optional token type for the `token` parameter..."

> - `token_type_hint` *(optional)* - the `token` parameter's token type—either `access_token` or `refresh_token`

Author: ```suggestion
- `token_type_hint` *(optional)* - the `token` parameter's type—either `access_token` or `refresh_token`
```

> warn

> > Both the access token and the refresh token will be revoked, regardless of which one you choose to pass in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you revoke a token, any active access or refresh tokens associated with that authorization will be revoked, regardless of the `token` and `token_type_hint` values you pass in.
```

Boom; fresh [access token response](#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/authorization-code-grant-access-token-response)!

###### Token Revocation Example

To revoke a token, make a `POST` request to the [token revocation URL](#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/shared-resources-oauth2-urls) with the following parameters:

- `Authorization: Basic <base64 encoded client_id:client_secret>` - your application's client id and client secret, separated by a colon, and base64 encoded as header.

> - `token` - the access token or refresh token to revoke

Reviewer 2: It's also possible to pass the client id and secrets in the request body.

For consistency with other examples on this page (like [Autorization Code Grant](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2#authorization-code-grant-redirect-url-example)), maybe we should instead document passing them in the body, and add a note that they can also be passed as basic authentication.

Author: It's not, as it would go against the rfc. Checked that with staff & testing.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure why you means by "It's not". Passing the client id/secret in the body definitely work:
![image](https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/assets/5215545/67ec10c9-8c35-4287-bee7-261418023026)

Author: weird, well, rfc tho 🤷‍♀️

Reviewer 3: Is this documentation for the Discord API or for the original OAuth2 RFC?

Reviewer 2: Checking again the [RFC 6749 Section 2.3.1](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1), both methods can be supported by the server, but the RFC discourages including the client_id/secret in the body:

> Including the client credentials in the request-body using the two parameters is NOT RECOMMENDED and SHOULD be limited to clients unable to directly utilize the HTTP Basic authentication scheme (or other password-based HTTP authentication schemes).

So for consistency, it may be better to update other examples to use the `Authorization` header instead.

Author: I'll wait for staff response on that.
The revocation request layout was given by me by one, hence why I noted it down like that.

Author: And splatter, both

Reviewer 3: Basic authentication is already in the docs. 

> You can also pass your `client_id` and `client_secret` as basic authentication with `client_id` as the username and `client_secret` as the password.
> — [access token exchange example](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2#authorization-code-grant-access-token-exchange-example)

I don’t see a need to refer to it again especially as previous examples send the credentials in the request bodies.

Author: > You can also pass your client_id and client_secret as basic authentication with client_id as the username and client_secret as the password

It doesn't mention that it has to be base64encoded, so an example on that wouldn't harm

Author: And about
> So for consistency, it may be better to update other examples to use the Authorization header instead.

@JustinBeckwith what are your thoughts?

Reviewer 4: I'm not bothered by the inconsistency.  We can always come back around and fix the other example :) For this one, following the spec guidance to pass the CLIENT_ID and CLIENT_SECRET in the authorization header feels right, assuming someone has confirmed that works (all of my code just sends them in the request body because I'm lazy).

Author: Tested all routes with the auth header, it works

    "expires": "2021-01-23T02:33:17.017000+00:00",
    "user": {
        "id": "268473310986240001",

>         "username": "discord",

Reviewer 5: wouldn't it be better to use a more generic name for the example object here, since "discord" is a banned username

Author: I think discord should be kept as example.
It feels fitting for the docs.

But I think that is a discussion worth an issue instead.
There're probably more blocks in the docs with discord as name.

Reviewer 5: eh something you can't encounter because of anti abuse mechanisms shouldn't feel fitting

Author: I'd say make an issue out of that comment. I won't be addressing this here.
